---
title: "Blog 2: IRBeast Reflection"
date: 2019-05-02T13:12:27-04:00
draft: false
---
For the previous and second half of this semester, I have been working with my Software Innovations II class to create to the [IRBeast](https://github.com/GatorEducator/IRBeast) repository and tool. During this time I learned more about making a software tool from scratch, the importance of maintainability within a new repository, using other tools in order to make our own, and more through this collaborative environment. The first two go hand-in-hand as one of the greatest challenges that we experienced and was associated with creating a new tool and a new repository was establishing a high maintainability. The greatest mistake in this area that we made was with not worrying about the build passing `Travis CI`, which although it made some sense at first as when it was originally setup, it did not have in the checks we needed and therefore failed since there were no checks. Once it was setup fully and properly though, there was not enough communication on this point so as to distinguish it as a turning point where we would fix that which currently did not pass and continue on in a manner where all builds would have to pass in order to be merged into the `master` branch. This left the problem until the end as we neared the deadline and was definitively detrimental to us in the long run. I was one of the primary people that ended up working to make it pass the checks. Additionally, I also worked to included other elements that raised the maintainability of the repository with the inclusion of an expansive `.gitignore` file, a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file and a `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` file that work to set the standards for adequate work and interaction, and basic templates for both issues and pull requests in order for them to be uniform. Additionally, I was responsible for adding in the status badges in the `README.md`, which was an enjoyable experience since it was simple but allowed for me to be able to setup them up in any future work in repositories and adds a nice detail to the documentation. The experience with working with a team was similar to the last time but gave me more experience and some ideas for how to improve collaborative work that I am involved in in the future.
