---
title: "Blog 1: GatorGrader Reflection"
date: 2018-03-13T22:12:27-04:00
draft: false
---
For the previous half of this semester, I have been working with my Software Innovations II class to add to the [GatorGrader](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader) repository. During this time, I have learned more about Markdown, Python, documentation, and more through this team work environment. When investigating thematic, hard, and soft breaks in Markdown and how to represent them in Python, it turned out that it is actually quite hard to represent hard breaks for Markdown in Python, potentially even impossible, but with my lacking experience with Python I was unable to find a way to represent them so for the time being it is impossible to me. The research that I did do was some what minimal after I found a tutorial that let me experiment around with the breaks in Markdown, while it also pointed some of them out to me. This work was ultimately used to ensure the tool accurately counted the number of paragraphs in the file being checked by adding test cases. Next, I worked on expanding the available sample repositories for testing GatorGrader with by specifically adding examples for HTML. These samples were added within the organization instead of the project's repository itself. To reflect these changes, I also updated the `README.md` to reference and direct to them. From the couple of times when I have worked on updating documentation like this, I have found it enjoyable since I hate it when the documentation is not as complete and helpful as can be, which I personally find to be the case all too often. As for working in the team structure found to annoying for getting started working but it is likely just a new thing that I need to get use to more.
